
Arch Linux on the Samsung XE303C12
Advanced Installation Guide

Minimum Requirements:
4 GB or larger SD Card. USB's won't work.

Recommended:
8 GB or larger SD Card.

Developer Mode must be enabled already.

1. Download Zip
2. In Chrome OS, move the aok-master folder from the zip to Downloads
3. CTRL+ALT+T for a crosh window, run "shell" for a shell
4. as chronos, run "sudo cp -r ~/Downloads/aok-master/. /usr/local/aok"
5. sudo su
6. cd /usr/local/aok
7. chmod +x *.sh
8. ./1-install.sh
9. Reboot. CTRL-U, Login (User: root, Pass: root), and follow directions (run 2 more scripts).

To run scripts after install:
1. Login as "root", password "root"
2. Type "cd /aok" and press enter
3. Type "ls" and press enter to list the contents of the folder
4. Type "./2-run-on-first-login.sh" and press enter to run the script.
5. Get online by typing "wifi-menu" and pressing enter.
     This will run a program that guides you to connecting to a Wi-Fi network.
     If the Wi-Fi Hotspot has a Landing Page, see the WiFi Hotspot Help file in "extra".
     Once the system is installed, Landing Pages will work automatically and a browser
     will be installed so you can visit the Landing Page and get online.
5. Repeat the process for the next script, using that script name

You may want to customize script 2 with:
  - Your locale
  - Your own username
  - Your own hostname
IF YOU MODIFY THE USERNAME, YOU WILL HAVE TO MODIFY THE OTHER SCRIPT TO MATCH IT!!!

You probably REALLY want to run the "patch" stuff!!!
The patch code get Arch Linux working nicely on the XE303C12.
Everything else is just normal Arch Linux install stuff.

The could be an issue if the battery is discharged completely.
It may not remember to allow you to boot from the SD Card.
If Chrome OS is installed on the eMMC (internal memory), then it may 'repair itself'
and erase everything from the internal memory, and require logging in to Google's
servers and starting as if from a new system.
I'm not sure exactly what all the details are. Just try to avoid letting the battery
discharge completely.
Also, if Chrome OS is on the eMMC, there have been seemingly random times when it
assumes there is an issue and attempts to repair itself. I'm not exactly sure what
causes this, but again, it may erase everything within Chrome OS and start over.
So it would be a good idea to back up any important files from Chrome OS, and
generally not trusting Chrome OS to save any of your local files for you.

I have also experienced an issue with gnome-packagekit, the gui package updater and
package installer. After updating packages once, the Arch Linux system did not boot.
Files should be recoverable by booting from Chrome OS and retrieving them, or by
plugging the SD Card into a different system and retrieving them. But to avoid this
issue, don't use gnome-packagekit, and always backup files before upgrading packages.
